Add README and english description in metadata.txt (#34)
msecher/PreCourlis: PreCourlis/metadata.txt

name=PreCourlis
qgisMinimumVersion=3.0
qgisMaximumVersion=3.99

> description=Create layered cross sections of rivers for Courlis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description=Create geometry - sediment layered 1D cross-sections - of rivers for COURLIS which is the sediment transport module for MASCARET, the 1D free surface flow code of the Open TELEMAC-MASCARET platform (http://www.opentelemac.org/)
```

version=2.0
author=EDF Hydro, DeltaCAD, Camptocamp
email=matthieu.secher@edf.fr

> about=This plugin allows you to model the bed of rivers and export data for the Courlis module of Telemac-Mascaret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about=This plugin allows you to 
- import georeferenced MASCARET geometry, 
- extract geometric information from a DEM (raster) on polylines representing the cross-sections of the MASCARET-COURLIS model in respect with a user defined discretization, 
 -  interpolate cross sections along an hydraulic axis in respect with user defined longitudinal (number of cross-sections) and lateral (number of points on each profile) discretization, 
 - visualize the cross-sections in a graphical view,
 - adding sediment layers and bed rock to the cross-sections from river bed geometry (identical or with a Z shift) or from another DEM (raster),
 - modified manually or with some functionality more automatic the river bed geometry, sediment layers geometry or bedrock geometry,
 - and export data for the COURLIS module

PRECOURLIS is using :
- A fork of TatooineMesher (courtesy of CNR Engineering, https://github.com/CNR-Engineering/TatooineMesher)
- Modified version of Python classes of the TELEMAC-MASCARET system

```
